Talk talk You’re talking too much
What what You’re just talking nonsense
Please, enough with that nitpicking and cursing
I’ll do it on my own however it comes out
Honestly I don’t know who I am, it’s frustrating, it gets me worried always
answer me then give me an answer that will clear it all
If you can’t just leave us alone please this is our jungle
We follow our rules here it’s my district, District 9
Flip it all up eh oh flip everything up eh oh
Knock it off with your negative vibes back off
That’s wrong
Why are you talking like you know me though I don’t even know myself oh
Get lost, it’s our district, get outta here
You don’t belong here
District 9
Oh oh Better watch out
Oh oh it’s dangerous
it’s our district, District 9
Stray kids everywhere all around the world
Don’t wander around, get yourself over here
Their footsteps are getting louder
They just look us as a bunch of troublemakers
It won’t be an easy one to change their views
But we won’t get down on misconceptions and bias
It’s our mission to prove who we are
They say “You’re different from me, so leave here”
But you need to know that being different is not being wrong
Soon it’ll be time for jealousy, we’re at the district where a small light becomes huge
Started with nine uh at the end it’s going to be all of ours
Flip it all up eh oh flip everything up eh oh
Knock it off with your negative vibes back off
That’s wrong
Why are you talking like you know me though I don’t even know myself oh
Get lost, it’s our district, get outta here
You don’t belong here
District 9
At the mirror freeze ey covered with sweat ey
So please shut your mouth you all be quiet
I’m looking for what is the real me
I bleed out on the dance floor it’s red
I ran all night long like I was going to die
Just to be a clown in front of a sneer
There’s no solution but we keep guarding our place
Flip it all up eh oh flip everything up eh oh
Knock it off with your negative vibes back off
That’s wrong
Why are you talking like you know me though I don’t even know myself oh
Get lost, it’s our district, get outta here
You don’t belong here
District 9
Oh oh Better watch out
Oh oh it’s dangerous
it’s our district, District 9